and build of rcn air fly over
green city on his ax of frei marcha
in front of
good afternoon sand then I find you
first of all I want to share with
you how dark the city is
observe many gray clouds and very
short, however, we can swim or
navigate safely and today they
we want to share something that can be
become a pride not only for the
municipality of soacha but for
cundinamarca and all colombia their models
of urban development that is a city
green observe is this amount of
residential units this facilitates
much housing thousands of
people are about 50 thousand units
residential and here they are expected to go
to live more than 200 thousand people is a
land of 328 hectares is located at
west of the main square and it is a
citadel because here there is practically
everything is the green city ​​school the
minute corporation of god the center d
integral rating of telethon
Colombia has shopping centers one
library the city green library
be a child development center
icbf
The important thing about this is that it has
designed with respect for the
citizen has a few ways
broad and there are green sectors that
they also allow recreation without further
type of inconvenience when
finished green city it will be a
city ​​of which practically in the
that well here they could live and work in
this sector because here they are also
building a quantity of
commercial areas to give work to
people here since they work and who
here live 70% is useful
for housing 13 percent is
business and industry 10% of the
land is for private education and he
is for commerce is a city that
continues to grow is expanding
towards the south of the city is an example
complete in urban matters
before saying goodbye then the advice to
the inhabitants of green city and those who
are going to live here so that you continue
converting and staying as a
example is to care for and protect
green city because from the air already
we can see is a true beauty what
that we show you we hope
that people who are going to happen and live in
she lives very happy protecting and
Caring for information in your city
live live from the patrol car of
air how many
in the afternoon until later
I liked that chau chau of wanting to
take care of the city 120